Adding page for Discord .env Video (#2909)
CodingTrain/website: _learning/bots/discord/04-dotenv.md

---
title: Hiding API Keys with .env
video_number: 4
date: 2020-11-28
video_id: G2Yns7NUSq4
can_contribute: true
repository: bots/discord/04-dotenv

links:
  - title: "Choo choo bot on Glitch"
    url: https://glitch.com/~choo-choo-bot-discord
---

> In this video I show you how to use a .env file to keep your bot token secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this video I demonstrate how to use the node dotenv package along with a .env file to store (and hide!) API keys outside of the source code.
```
